He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.